welcome to the commitment theme
everything is politics
since a few days
in this line the seville 2006
all varieties of pear and according to the authorities the second
why
it is not framed but it makes them worse
that's why they are linear
in the previous video we had a fraction but only one if I was afraid of
number three but here are two different denominators three titles
what we do or with whom we multiply
for
can eliminate the two denominators because target main time
eliminate the denominators so that it is clear
then we take two denominators in this case are two and three
and we do what we commonly call
cm
not divine
then we take half
a company from the commune on Friday of the month
cd barcelona with whom we are going to multiply
let's multiply it says here
we must forget s is here
on the previous occasion I did it
together
this is another way of doing it with medel they are involved
ante guaranteed
but we hope to duplicate with all this
everything is ready for us to know
that we are going to arrive with the whole member
the whole left part of equality so
six for a half 6 for 1 6 I stayed until saved ismael
but 6-3 19
to three
remains
those from here like
this is an image
I'm dizzy that is multiplying with him it's like this image was
one variable
we agree
Now this file is 663
2 x
it's not that I'm always going to give in that way there will be that the pre who led then
it becomes where the media present
in question of this the physio nothing else
since 3 we go well with him
Ivan Vidal The question is
because this cd multiplied as a medium
but not with what is inside
remember that it is in parentheses 10
a factor
Thus
if you tell me
sadness and had to multiply that's why inside
I tell you yes
I could have done it if they had more
- multiplication person
how is a multiplication
only multiplied by him
but he stayed the same because this is like it was
a one variable
although of two things inside by image to the
money market
as a dean we admire
from the day after and we can do
at this moment we will already
three for that that undoubtedly
ee
plus three times four these
and this is equal to all
since we do not have faith
Not only are voices of the teques for k
3 ellis
- two
ll
it's the same that he goes there
and it stays as negative -2
Now, if we wanted to shoot for her, there's no problem
xo the variable can be anywhere, the point is that sometimes
accustoms capon to the path left side but that others claim
good 3-2 x is uneven
x
positive because positive but different rts by the sign of mayávez
is equal to at least 2
and we have finished
It is easy
easy to make equations with fractions easy because in the end it is not
do no shrinkage equation because from this space we eliminate them
it is not that they eliminate them or simply weighs them to show something different
so that we can occupy them as whole
that easy
and so fast
but I think you hear this in some trade
until the view back but then he remembered again always writing
in this project
always watch this video over and over again that is very easy to math
let her from chile
and he loves you
you have to love her and now until the iss